Hear what is up guys are Malcolm X so now in this video I'm going to be showing you that how can you
basically get the beat of web hosting which is the most professional matter and that will just keep
you going.
OK so you have to just click resources available to the video that you are watching and it'll tell you
to click here to go to this Web site.
You have to click here and you will be taken to a new page for it will take you to host gator dot com.
OK so this is the company that I personally use for all of my clients and for my website as well.
OK.
So if you want to go with this company then you can go with this.
This is my recommended company you can go to any of the other paid web hosting companies like Blue host
or like Go Daddy.
Go Daddy is not recommended by me because I have used that and I don't find that good to be good.
I don't know why but Goretti was not that good for me.
The whole skater is the one that I like the most.
OK.
So make sure you go ahead and click there.
The link is the affiliate links so that you when you buy the web hosting from here I'm going to get
a share.
I'm going to get a commission basically.
So this just helped me keep going with more courses like this.
But if you want like you don't want to give me any of the commission and you just want to go over there
and you can just type post gate or dot com and then you can buy the host get it from there.
OK.
So now let's go ahead and let's just hit get started now.
So you will be taken to a new page and here it says host gaitered accomplished web hosting.
And here it has got the baby plan.
This is the plan that I personally recommend and I use for myself as well.
The reason is that it offers the single web site and this offers on limited web sites.
I would highly recommend you to go with this because you can see that we will be building a personal
web site.
You'll be building another business web site professional blog and e-commerce Web site and everything.
That is why we will be creating a lot of Web sites.
So that is why I would highly recommend you to go with this baby plan and it will give you an unlimited
web sites.
The reason I would say not to go with the business plan is because they give you the private SSL and
you can get that SSL for free.
So why you want to go with like paid things.
I will show you how can we get SSL for free.
So just go ahead and let's go with the baby plans and go over the business plan.
OK let's just go in and let's click sign up now you can see they give 40 percent off to the new customers
but I will give you my coupon code and that you can enter there and you can get 60 percent off guys
so let's just go ahead and let's hit Sign up now.
So it will cost you around like $150.
OK.
And you are you are also getting like 45 day money back guarantee.
So why not just invest in.
And if you find it to be good for you then go ahead and if you find it to be like not good for you then
just leave it.
So let's just go ahead and let's enter the domain name so the domain name here would be like the domain
name that you want your company to be like is that you to me dot com The googled code.
OK.
So since our first project is the business the personal website so that is why I won my domain name
to be like a personal like let's just go ahead and let's build a personal web site for myself so I'm
going to be naming it as like I can Ziel dot com.
OK.
So it will be like dot com.
Let's just go ahead and let's hit enter and you can see that this domain name is available and that
has now entered as my domain name.
So if your domain name is not available like if someone has already used that domain name then it will
give an error right here.
OK.
So I can see that this name is available and it is costing me like $15 per ear.
But but since we have applied to 60 percent off that that is why it will cost you like four dollars
approximate.
OK so now let's go ahead let's go down and let's just uncheck this it says add domain privacy protection
for iTunes.
I'm just going to check this.
OK.
The reason I am checking this is because make sure that your privacy is public because you want your
users so that whenever anyone is coming to your website he should know that who is the CEO who is the
owner.
He is this address in Mer's everything.
So make sure that you keep your domain to be like public because we're not scamming anything scamming
anyone that is why we want our company to be public.
OK.
So it is also good for just like interference for your customers like if anyone is like oh I don't know
if this company is a scam or if this company is not good for you then they will just go ahead.
They will just go to domain privacy and then they will just grab your name and this and then the day
they will know that OK he's the owner he's the official owner.
That is why I just want to go with them.
So make sure to just you just keep it as the public.
OK.
So then we have the package type.
This is the baby one selected already and we have the billing cycle.
It says 40 percent off.
I'm going to give you a coupon code that you can enter below.
And you can get 60 percent.
Let's just go ahead and let's add a user name here.
So I'm just going to enter my user name which will be my name OK.
And then I have to enter the security.
And so it can be like anything but it should before it is it.
And then you have to enter your details here and then you have to select the payment method which can
be like credit card or PayPal.
So now you have to go there.
And here it says the additional services guys so we'll come to this later.
But let's say I'm here to coupon code and let's just enter here.
WP E.C oh 60 OK.
And many just click here and then you had a valid date.
You will see that you will be given 60 percent off if I just come here you can see it is giving us 60
percent off right now.
So let's just go down and let's uncheck them.
OK listen check this and let's check this out.
The reason why I'm telling you to uncheck this is because this is for security and this is for backup
you don't need backup and you need security.
The reason I'm telling you is because this is the complete world press corps and I'm going to tell you
everything like how can you even secure your website.
So just don't buy this because this is the extra stuff and you can secure your website with wordpress
plugins.
OK.
We'll discuss that later on.
So do not just buy this and uncheck everything and you can see that it is costing us one forty eight
bucks for three years you can see if you just come here.
It's 36 months.
So it is costing us like three point nine per month.
So this is a huge discount guys you have to just accept the terms and conditions and then you have to
hit checkout.
Now you can see that they are setting up my account and you can see in a few moments you will gain access
to all of the award winning products and features that sets her apart from its competition so you can
see that this is the host get her account that is being built.
And when it does build you will see how amazing this whole Scooter is going to look.
Here we go.
You can see that it says welcome to host get her family.
The order has been completed and this is how my seat panel is looking like what do you have.
Do you have to just go to your e-mail account.
OK.
You have to just open up your e-mail account or your e-mail account is OK and then you have to see your
mail.
They must have given you the e-mail that your get account is not set up.
So let's kill two other males and he can see that it is the host get her account info.
You have haven't just heard this and her is going to be all of your Infoseek and see that it says you
can log into our billing system using the e-mail address we send to and the password included in your
Volcom e-mail.
OK.
So the shared plan is the baby plan.
And our this is our control panel this is our username and this is our domain name and this is our password.
And this is our first name server.
The second name server and the server IP.
So what is the name server basically this is basically the user name to enter your C panel.
This is the password to enter it.
So if I just open this up you can see that it's going to take you to the sea battle.
Here you go.
You can see that this is the sea all you have right here have the just copy.
The name is a name.
You have to base that.
And then you have to copy the password
OK and then you have to base that great here.
So now you have to hit again and when to click log in.
It will take you to the log in page where it holds.
Tell you this how the control panel or the seat panel looks like so you can see that this is how our
battle is looking.
OK.
We have everything right here.
We have a domain name and we have everything.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to close this and you can see that I can manage my web site completely
from here.
You can also go to the portal of your web hosting so you can just open up in the new page OK.
So now I'm going to enter poort old host gator dot com to log intimacy log into my portal basically.
OK.
And when you all will be here you have to basically enter the e-mail address.
And also the password.
So
OK.
And now you have to hit again and you can see that I am being taken to the customer portal.
So this is the basically housecleaner new portal and this is how your portal will look like.
And if you are log in for logging in for the first time then host later they'll ask you to log into
the new portal.
OK.
So you can see that it is saying return to the traditional customer portal.
So if you are logging into host Skeeter you should see this portal if you're seeing the normal portal
and make sure to log in to the new portal.
OK so then what you have to do you have to you'll be seeing your domain name right here.
You can see that this is my domain name.
I can deal dot com.
This is the shared slash baby plan and the package ID is this.
So what do you have to do.
You have to make sure that you go to domain name OK and then make sure to check if your domain name
is right coming here.
OK.
So here your domain name will be here you can manage your domain name.
And here will be your Eitan deal dot com what you have to do.
You have to just sit launch see Vanel and your seat panel will be here.
What do you have to do now is that you have to be installing WordPress in this domain name.
And then we will access our website.
You will see that how our website will look OK.
So thanks a lot guys who are watching this in the next video.
I'll show you that how can you build your own on WordPress website.
So by installing WordPress in your domain name so Stadio.
And in the next video will install WordPress.
Goodbye.